Pybackpack - A simple file backup tool
--------------------------------------

What is Pybackpack?
-------------------

Pybackpack is a graphical application designed to make file backup easy for the
average user. It allows the user to specify named sets of files and directories
to be be backed up so that the backups can be run many times. Where possible
Pybackpack does incremental backups; it is a graphical front-end to
rdiff-backup. Pybackpack can backup files to remote locations over the network,
local file systems, and optical media such as writable CDs or DVDs.

What is Pybackpack not?
-----------------------

It is not for backing up entire systems. Running Pybackpack as root is not
recommended. It does not create encrypted backups or backup special files
(device nodes, sockets, FIFOs).

History
-------

Dave Arter created Pybackpack for Fedora Core as a Google Summer of Code
project in 2005. Since August 2006 it has been maintained by Andrew Price.
Swansea University Computer Society has kindly provided project hosting for it
since the beginning. For a more detailed feature history see the CHANGELOG
file.

Reporting Bugs
--------------

If you are using a Pybackpack package packaged for your operating system
distribution (e.g. from the Ubuntu, Debian or Fedora package repositories) then
use the bug reporting systems for that distribution (e.g. Launchpad, BTS, or
Bugzilla).

If you are using an original tarball or svn version of Pybackpack, open a new
ticket on the Trac instance:

  http://projects.sucs.org/projects/pybackpack#Bugs

Or the mailing list:

  http://lists.sucs.org/mailman/listinfo/pybackpack

In all cases please provide the version of Pybackpack you are using and as much
detail about the bug as you can.

Patches and testing
-------------------

All patches should be against the latest trunk code in the subversion
repository. For more details:

  http://projects.sucs.org/projects/pybackpack#DevelopTest

Localization
-------------

For information about translating Pybackpack to your own language:

  http://projects.sucs.org/projects/pybackpack/wiki/TranslationGuide

License
-------

Pybackpack is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the LICENSE file for more details.

